=head1 NAME

bashmount-au - tool to mount and unmount removable media from the command-line with added optional logging and two person authentication. 
NIST 800-53A RMF compliance (DAAPM, JSIG, etc)

=head1 SYNOPSIS

I<bashmount-au>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

bashmount-au provides the same functionality and interface		  
as the original bashmount as a menu-driven bash script to mount 	  
removable devices with the added capability of logging all file          
access and transfers to removable devices with optional two person        
authentication. 							  

bashmount-au was modified to help comply with NIST 800-53A and various    
government Risk Management Framework technical requirements for external   
media controls and logging. 

bashmount-au is NOT intended to be used alongside any automounting 
solutions due to the specific logging requirement and is therefore more    
restricted than the original intended.					  
											  
The goal of bashmount-au is to help system administrators and             
security engineers meet technical compliance requirements 
while giving non-technical data transfer personnel an easy to             
use interface. 								  
              	          							  
See INSTALL for config and pre-config requirements to secure              
external media access and logging in order to fully meet compliance.


=head1 FILES

=over 4

=item B</etc/bashmount.conf>

Default configuration file

=back

=head1 BUGS

If you find any bugs, please send an email to the author, or create a new
issue at L<https://github.com/securityscripting/bashmount-au/issues>.

=head1 AUTHORS

Damian M. <audit2html@gmail.com> forked from bashmount

=head1 COPYRIGHT

   bashmount: Copyright (C) 2013-2014 Jamie Nguyen <j@jamielinux.com>
   	      Copyright (C) 2014 Lukas B.

   bashmount-au: Copyright (C) 2017 Damian M.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License v2 as published by the
Free Software Foundation.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for
more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA
